# Privacy Policy
## Posted: September 15, 2018
SoulSaga ("Service") is a web application built by Riya Sinha. This site's services are provided at no cost and are intended for use as-is. This document explains what data my Service collects from you, and how we use it.

### What data we collect and Why
*Consent*<br/>
When you create an account with our Service, we will always record your initial data storage preference, along with any future changes you make to this option. We require this information, because it helps us determine whether to store any more of your data or not.

*Social Media Information*<br/>
When you sign in via Google, we use your name, email and profile photo for your SoulSaga profile, and for recording data consent.

*Timeline Events*<br/>
If applicable, we collect data added via the Timeline feature for the purposes of storing your data for you in a secure and easily accessible manner across your devices.

*Cookies*<br/>
See the "Cookies" section below.

### How we use your data
Your stored data is used by SoulSaga only for purposes of debugging the application for a better user experience, or in order to help develop better services for you.

### With whom we share your data
SoulSaga does not share your data. However, we do use third-parties for authentication and data storage. Please consult the "Third-parties" section for more information.

### Data Retention
We reserve the right to store any data you ask us to, for as long as your account is active. You reserve the right to clear your data or delete your account at any time. This can be done so from your Profile page.

### Cookies
Cookies are small text files stored via your web browser. Cookies are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

### Third-parties
We use Google Analytics to track site usage, in order to understand our user base and improve our services. Google Analytics does store cookies for visitors who are not signed in. If you have concerns about this, cookies can be disabled or deleted by your browser.

We use Firebase Database (by Google) in order to store your data. This provides secure storage and encryption for your data on servers and in transmission. You may opt out of this by choosing to store and be responsible for your own data.

We use Firebase Authentication (by Google) in order to provide a seamless sign-in experience and to obtain personal information for:

* Your SoulSaga profile

* Recording data consent

* Ensuring users are of age of consent in their respective countries

Firebase Authentication does store cookies on your browser as well, in order to allow sign-in state to persist across refreshes for a better user experience.

[How Google collects and processes your data](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/)

[About Google and Cookies](https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies)

### Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

### Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of consent in their respective country ("a child", "children"). I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children without their parent's consent. In the case that I discover that a child has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete their account and any of their information from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I may perform any necessary actions.

### Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this policy to ensure continuous compliance with legal requirements. As our services change, this policy will be updated to reflect those changes as well.

If changes to policies regarding data you have already consented to occur, prior notice will be given to you in order to manage your data before new policies take effect.

### Contact Information
If you have questions, concerns or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please do not hesitate to reach out.

Riya Sinha
riya.sinha@soulsaga.org

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net/) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/)
